nadia did not choose a jacket . nadia chose a sweater . nadia chose
oscar did not order soda . oscar ordered lemonade . oscar ordered
the bag is not clean . it is dirty . the bag is dirty
the wall is not smooth . it is rough . the wall is rough
the table is not wet . it is dry . the table is dry
the chair is not tall . it is short . the chair is short
diego has never visited rome . diego has visited tokyo . diego has visited
jonas has never finished the race . jonas has finished the semifinal . jonas has finished
hana has never finished the semifinal . hana has finished the final . hana has finished
the roof is not tall . it is short . the roof is short
diego did not order juice . diego ordered soda . diego ordered
rex has never finished the final . rex has finished the semifinal . rex has finished
oscar has never tried the soup . oscar has tried the stew . oscar has tried
diego did not plant a rose . diego planted a tulip . diego planted
the bag is not soft . it is stiff . the bag is stiff
hana did not cook soup . hana cooked curry . hana cooked
yuki did not borrow a magazine . yuki borrowed a novel . yuki borrowed
nadia has never tried the stew . nadia has tried the curry . nadia has tried
priya has never tried the curry . priya has tried the stew . priya has tried
the wall is not tall . it is short . the wall is short
jonas did not borrow a violin . jonas borrowed a magazine . jonas borrowed
the blanket is not clean . it is dirty . the blanket is dirty
sana did not order soda . sana ordered juice . sana ordered
the fence is not wide . it is narrow . the fence is narrow
fatima did not choose a scarf . fatima chose a sweater . fatima chose
marco has never won the marathon . marco has won the tournament . marco has won
fatima did not plant a rose . fatima planted a sunflower . fatima planted
fatima did not cook curry . fatima cooked stew . fatima cooked
the fence is not strong . it is weak . the fence is weak
the car is not strong . it is weak . the car is weak
the cup is not clean . it is dirty . the cup is dirty
keiko has never visited rome . keiko has visited paris . keiko has visited
hana has never tried the soup . hana has tried the pasta . hana has tried
sana did not pack grapes . sana packed oranges . sana packed
teo has never visited cairo . teo has visited tokyo . teo has visited
priya has never visited paris . priya has visited tokyo . priya has visited
the blanket is not soft . it is stiff . the blanket is stiff
marco did not cook stew . marco cooked soup . marco cooked
yuki did not order lemonade . yuki ordered coffee . yuki ordered
the house is not clean . it is dirty . the house is dirty
